TODO.md, before:

1. fix bookmarked issue. for instance, when in the pill filtering bar if you select bookmarks to see the ones you have, you can deselct the bookmarks pill filter. 

2. fix the pills so you can still read them when you hover over them 
  
> thinking -- now that this app can show fellowships all in one place and asks you to sign in if you want to bookmark, what are the other things that would convince me that it was worth it to pay $119 for a lifetime membership when i was a sophomore in college? well first i paid more for an LSAT prep course that was a little scammy i felt but worked okay. it had a structured outline and curriculum. the reward of getting a top LSAT score bajes in the price of a great law school, a great career, and the promise of financial aid if in the top echelon of scorers. 

> with graduate fellowships it feels more like going to the casino and having fun. on one hand you can play the slots and apply for lots of small scholarships. this is good as it brings in money and gets you creds. this involves inputting your university, major, and other information in order to grep the internet and pull scholarships that you can apply for. -- then going the extra mile bys tarting to pull together the starting materials for your application. 

> for instance, i input that i am a sophomore at oklahoma state university studying economics and chinese. the system then dumps info for me in a structured way on who has won before, where i can read example winning essays, starting outlines for winning essays, notes, youtube links, and more. 

> this is what i will do. i will make a folder for individual fellowships and input the information cheatsheet on each one manually, then show an llm how to generate cheat sheets for others. then users can show up, have the low down, input their own info, generate a skeleton app, and send off to a trusted advisor or friend for comments / review. 

> thought -- allow users to leave anonymous comments on each scholarship. 



> Add product page outlining course features and pricing

> add bookmarks

> add notes 

> upload more scholarships

> implement user add scholarships

> implement perplexity scholarship link enrichment (many links about fellowship on show page)

> add reading list recco for scholarship 

> add unique knowledge about each scholarship program to improve application 

> add click requirements scraper -- ie input scholarship and find deadline 

> add application tracker functionality 

> connect to university scholarship office 

> input URL get back valid scholarships 

> track these scholarships and track requirements (transcripts, essays, deadline)

> implement calendar functionality so users can see deadlines and apply 

> from calendar allow users to make a plan 

> email reminders for deadlines, eg "email me a reminder about this in 14 days, 30 days, 60 days"

> gamify the process of applying to scholarships -- do what you can to apply and prepare in the app while knowing there are 
>  things that you are seemingly blocked by. for instance, you know you must have a letter of reccomendation or maybe two
>  and you feel anxious to reach out to the professors. why not draft an email to them, and in a separate seciton 
>  keep a journal entry of what you are thinking with respect to the scholarship. upload all of your application materials 
>  to the app in the scholarship show page to show your progress. get creds for inputting basic application information 
>  for example input name and email of the professor you intend to reach out to. draft emails to them and save them in the app. 
>  Generic easy email template like (one if you know the professor well and visit their office regularalry and can come by during office hours)
>  "Hi Professor [last name], I hope you are well. I am learning more about [scholarship name] on [scholarship website] and I am reaching out to you to see if you can help me with a letter of recommendation. I am a [your major] student and I visit your office regularly. I can come by during office hours to discuss this further. Please let me know a good time to visit. Thank you!"
>  (another if you don't know the professor well and can't visit their office)
>  "Hi Professor [last name], I hope you are well. I am learning more about [scholarship name] on [scholarship website] and I am reaching out to you to see if you can help me with a letter of recommendation. I am a [your major] student and I am not able to visit your office. I can send you an email and we can schedule a meeting over email. Please let me know a good time to reach out. Thank you!"
>  (another if you don't know the professor well and can't visit their office)
>  "Hi Professor [last name], I hope you are well. I am learning more about [scholarship name] on [scholarship website] and I am reaching out to you to see if you can help me with a letter of recommendation. I am a [your major] student and I am not able to visit your office. I can send you an email and we can schedule a meeting over email. Please let me know a good time to reach out. Thank you!"

> successful personal statement examples for top scholarships all enriched in the data. saved and able to be explored and annotated in the app.

Commit message:

✨ feat: add mini chat interface and pricing information
Added functionality to allow users to leave anonymous comments on scholarships. Also, included a mini chat interface powered by OpenAI GPT-4o, with pricing options of $100 per year or $20 per month. Updated the product page to outline course features and pricing details.

TODO.md, after:

1. fix bookmarked issue. for instance, when in the pill filtering bar if you select bookmarks to see the ones you have, you can deselct the bookmarks pill filter. 

2. fix the pills so you can still read them when you hover over them 
  
> thinking -- now that this app can show fellowships all in one place and asks you to sign in if you want to bookmark, what are the other things that would convince me that it was worth it to pay $119 for a lifetime membership when i was a sophomore in college? well first i paid more for an LSAT prep course that was a little scammy i felt but worked okay. it had a structured outline and curriculum. the reward of getting a top LSAT score bajes in the price of a great law school, a great career, and the promise of financial aid if in the top echelon of scorers. 

> with graduate fellowships it feels more like going to the casino and having fun. on one hand you can play the slots and apply for lots of small scholarships. this is good as it brings in money and gets you creds. this involves inputting your university, major, and other information in order to grep the internet and pull scholarships that you can apply for. -- then going the extra mile bys tarting to pull together the starting materials for your application. 

> for instance, i input that i am a sophomore at oklahoma state university studying economics and chinese. the system then dumps info for me in a structured way on who has won before, where i can read example winning essays, starting outlines for winning essays, notes, youtube links, and more. 

> this is what i will do. i will make a folder for individual fellowships and input the information cheatsheet on each one manually, then show an llm how to generate cheat sheets for others. then users can show up, have the low down, input their own info, generate a skeleton app, and send off to a trusted advisor or friend for comments / review. 

> thought -- allow users to leave anonymous comments on each scholarship. 

> thought -- add in openai gpt 4o mini chat interface (if so, consider changing to $100 a year subscription or maybe 20 bucks a month)


> Add product page outlining course features and pricing

> add bookmarks

> add notes 

> upload more scholarships

> implement user add scholarships

> implement perplexity scholarship link enrichment (many links about fellowship on show page)

> add reading list recco for scholarship 

> add unique knowledge about each scholarship program to improve application 

> add click requirements scraper -- ie input scholarship and find deadline 

> add application tracker functionality 

> connect to university scholarship office 

> input URL get back valid scholarships 

> track these scholarships and track requirements (transcripts, essays, deadline)

> implement calendar functionality so users can see deadlines and apply 

> from calendar allow users to make a plan 

> email reminders for deadlines, eg "email me a reminder about this in 14 days, 30 days, 60 days"

> gamify the process of applying to scholarships -- do what you can to apply and prepare in the app while knowing there are 
>  things that you are seemingly blocked by. for instance, you know you must have a letter of reccomendation or maybe two
>  and you feel anxious to reach out to the professors. why not draft an email to them, and in a separate seciton 
>  keep a journal entry of what you are thinking with respect to the scholarship. upload all of your application materials 
>  to the app in the scholarship show page to show your progress. get creds for inputting basic application information 
>  for example input name and email of the professor you intend to reach out to. draft emails to them and save them in the app. 
>  Generic easy email template like (one if you know the professor well and visit their office regularalry and can come by during office hours)
>  "Hi Professor [last name], I hope you are well. I am learning more about [scholarship name] on [scholarship website] and I am reaching out to you to see if you can help me with a letter of recommendation. I am a [your major] student and I visit your office regularly. I can come by during office hours to discuss this further. Please let me know a good time to visit. Thank you!"
>  (another if you don't know the professor well and can't visit their office)
>  "Hi Professor [last name], I hope you are well. I am learning more about [scholarship name] on [scholarship website] and I am reaching out to you to see if you can help me with a letter of recommendation. I am a [your major] student and I am not able to visit your office. I can send you an email and we can schedule a meeting over email. Please let me know a good time to reach out. Thank you!"
>  (another if you don't know the professor well and can't visit their office)
>  "Hi Professor [last name], I hope you are well. I am learning more about [scholarship name] on [scholarship website] and I am reaching out to you to see if you can help me with a letter of recommendation. I am a [your major] student and I am not able to visit your office. I can send you an email and we can schedule a meeting over email. Please let me know a good time to reach out. Thank you!"

> successful personal statement examples for top scholarships all enriched in the data. saved and able to be explored and annotated in the app.
