> when i was looking for scholarhsips it was an intensely addicting progress -- i would get up early early in the morning and search for niche scholarships and apply. i did win one of these scholarships from a company called PCB Solutions. it was a small scholarhship but scholarships are about momentum. getting good grades your first semester is very important. then its important to get inspired by the idea htat you can actually be a person who wins scholarships enough to pay for all of their school. the best place to start usually is be grepping the current univesrity you are at to find the scholarship opportunities. i used to do this by searching my department, and university wide for opportunities. i wouuld go to the undergraduate research and fellowships office website and see what they had there. i found lots that were interesting and thought about them. i kept a journal but would have benefitted from a system that would have allowed me to save the scholarships i was looking at, and buid a timeline. i remember applying for the truman scholarship with a shoddy, non-winning application. having my professor dr. walker, and english professor with whom i took many classes, edit these personal statements four and five times maybe more. i went into his office usually with something i thought could be good but had reservations about, and after leaving he would go through the marked up version that he had and i would come bacj with a revision. we thought and talked about purpose and i was intensely motivated, so was he. the finished product in this case was an essay about an aspiration to get a law degree and work on a very specific ongoing water issue that was at the heart of tribal-federal relations at the time. that 500-word essay won me a 15k per year scholarship starting sophomore spring. then that same professor told me about the middlebury language schools as i was taking a class about central asian geopolitics. he showed me the middlebury website and convinced me i could learn chinese. i went home and saw the website and couldnt believe the students in the videos could speak fluently at the end of the summer. i had found a passion and i was further motivated. i applied to the language school with this professors recomendation and support and got in. i had to pay the 10k cost for that summer but had already won some other university scholarships and the private scholarship by then (500 dollars here, 1500 there, a travel grant, etc). I did middlebury and it was amazing. i applied for a semester abroad and then a travel grant and won 7500 dollars for that. then, the next summer, after my senior year, i won the kathryn wasserman davis fellowship for peace (10k value, full room and board and middlbury for a summer and i did 4/4 level of chinese). then i went to taiwan for a year and did iclp international chinese language program on my own dime. i came back and worked at middlebury as the bilingual assistant. while i was in taiwan i learned about the yenching fellowship and applied. i got in and did it and loved it. later i won the blakemore freeman to do more research in taiwan but did a coding bootcamp instead. one them i see here is that if you follow the thing you are passionate about (for me it turned out to be chinese language) and do things towards it, these scholarship systems recognize your passion, really your momentum, and end up supporting you. more often i have found on the second time, as opposed to the first. happy hunting! 

> graduate fellowships -- there are offices at prestigious universities that do this very well. there are state university offices that sometimes find the right students and do this very well also. the tatget audience for this tool is the undergraduate from a state university, their parents, also. the target student is between a junior in high school and a sophomore in college. some function of this app should serve to show these students the possibilities of winning one of these. that they are out there and can be flexible and that there are many of them and that they can be won. this can be acheived with a landing page that shows real youtube success stories of wwhat it takes to win one of these. getting into the niddy griddy now -- how do we make this worth 20 bucks a month for students? a monthly or weekly crawl of scholarships that are sent in an email would be interesting. updates on fellowships that are out there and the scholarships and research opportunities to be won along the way to add money and experience to your players XP. now i am thinking about the next step. have the user input their interests, university, bookmarks, and have the model return a plan for what they can work on. imagine also an individual replicate model trained on winning essays to Rhodes. then applying the same logic to others and building a custom gpt for each. ie chat with this fellowship. ask what it is, when the deadlines are, what the requirements are, and have it return a plan for how to win it. if the user is interested in winning and wants to continue the system can build a prep plan with time for revision cycles, planning for professor input etc. great work today. 