> when i was looking for scholarhsips it was an intensely addicting progress -- i would get up early early in the morning and search for niche scholarships and apply. i did win one of these scholarships from a company called PCB Solutions. it was a small scholarhship but scholarships are about momentum. getting good grades your first semester is very important. then its important to get inspired by the idea htat you can actually be a person who wins scholarships enough to pay for all of their school. the best place to start usually is be grepping the current univesrity you are at to find the scholarship opportunities. i used to do this by searching my department, and university wide for opportunities. i wouuld go to the undergraduate research and fellowships office website and see what they had there. i found lots that were interesting and thought about them. i kept a journal but would have benefitted from a system that would have allowed me to save the scholarships i was looking at, and buid a timeline. i remember applying for the truman scholarship with a shoddy, non-winning application. having my professor dr. walker, and english professor with whom i took many classes, edit these personal statements four and five times maybe more. i went into his office usually with something i thought could be good but had reservations about, and after leaving he would go through the marked up version that he had and i would come bacj with a revision. we thought and talked about purpose and i was intensely motivated, so was he. the finished product in this case was an essay about an aspiration to get a law degree and work on a very specific ongoing water issue that was at the heart of tribal-federal relations at the time. that 500-word essay won me a 15k per year scholarship starting sophomore spring. 